HUGE can build forms from a few config lines

## TL;DR:

### Setup
```js
// astro.config.mjs
import tndForms from "./src/packages/forms"
export default defineConfig({
  site: 'https://something.com',
  intergrations: [
    tndForms({
      submitCopy: 'Get in touch',
    })
  ]
})

```
### Usage
```astro
---
import type { FormType } from '@forms/types'
import Form from "@forms/components/Form.astro";
const contactForm: FormType = {
  netlify: {
    id: 'contact'
  },
  captcha: true,
  redirect: "/thank-you/",
  fields: [
    {
      name: 'name',
      required: true,
      label: 'Name',
    },
    {
      // Group Field won't display a "<legend>" unless the 'label' key is explicitly set.
      name: 'contacts',
      type: 'group',
      columns: 2,
      fields: [
        {
          name: 'email',
          label: 'Email Address',
          type: 'email',
          required: true,
        },
        {
          name: 'phone',
          label: 'Phone Number',
          type: 'phone'
        },
      ]
    },
    {
      name: "company_size",
      label: "Company Size",
      type: "select",
      options: ["1 - 5", "6-20", "more"]
    },
    {
      name: 'message',
      label: 'Message',
      type: 'textarea'
    }
  ]
}
---
<h1>Contact Us!</h1>
<Form form={contactForm} />
```

### Form Settings

Everying up to the

- **id**\*: This will be used to invoke the form.
- **action**: A string. This value will fill the `action` attribute of the form. For built-in solutions, this is usually not required.
- **redirect** (N,F,C): A string. A URL to which the form will redirect upon succes. Available on some solution.
- **submit_copy**: A string. The copy of the submit button. Ex: `Get in touch!`
- **attributes**: A map. A set of custom attributes to add to the form tag. Keys without values will be added as [boolean attributes](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/common-microsyntaxes.html#boolean-attributes). Note that some attributes are added automatically (`action`, `netlify-honeypot` etc...) They will be overwritten by any honomymous attribute added here.
- **fields**: An array. The list of fields to be printed among the forms.

#### Form Settings Example

- `title`: Title of the form. (*string*)
- `action`: Overwrite action value generated by the service logic. (*string*)
- `netlify`: Netlify service configuration. (*[Service](#service)*)
- `formspree`: Formspree service configuration. (*[Service](#service)*)
- `attributes`: A map. A set of custom attributes to add to the input tag. Keys without values will be added as [boolean attributes](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/common-microsyntaxes.html#boolean-attributes). Note that some attributes are added automatically (`method`, `action` etc...) They will be overwritten by any honomymous attribute added here.
- `method`: Method used by the form. (*string, default: 'POST', example: 'POST'*)
- `captcha`: Use the service's captcha solution. (*boolean, default: false*)
- `cc`: Send a copy of the submission to provided email(s). Only available on Formspree. (*string*)
- `redirect`: Where to send the user after form submission. (*string*)
- `submitCopy`: Customize the submit button's copy. (*string, default: 'Submit', example: 'Sign up'*)
- `fields`: Array of Field objects representing the form fields.
- `components`: Override built-in label/wrapper/input components for this form or declare your own for custom input types. (*object*)


### Fields Settings

A field is a group of HTML tags that consists of inputs, label. Some field can hold several inputs and label.

- `name`: The name of the field (should be slug-like). (*string*)
- `type`: The type of the field. (*string, default: 'text', example: 'textarea'*)
- `value`: Value for hidden fields. (*string or number*)
- `placeholder`: Placeholder attribute for the field. (*string*)
- `hint`: Smaller text below the field. (*string*)
- `attributes`: A map. A set of custom attributes to add to the input tag. Keys without values will be added as [boolean attributes](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/common-microsyntaxes.html#boolean-attributes). Note that some attributes are added automatically (`name`, `id` etc...) They will be overwritten by any honomymous attribute added here.
- `label`: If set, used as a label. (*string, default: name, example: 'Telephone'*)
- `required`: Make the field 'required'. Label will be appended with '*'. (*boolean*)
- `options`: Array of strings or objects for field options.
- `rows`: Number of rows for textarea. (*number*)
- `columns`: Reserved for group fields. (*number*)
- `fields`: Array of nested fields for group fields.
- `components`: Override built-in label/wrapper/input components for this field or declare your own for custom input types. (*[FormComponents](#formcomponents)*)


#### Built in Field types

**text|phone|email|file|textarea**:
Will use the same template with the defined type attribute

```js
{
  name: 'name',
  label: 'Full Name',
  type: 'text'
}
```

**select**:
  A select field. Takes one extra key (`options`)

```js
{
  name: 'state',
  label: 'State',
  type: 'select',
  options: [
    'Alabama',
    'Alaska',
    // ...
  ]
}
```
You can use an array of objects if sent values are different than the title.

```js
{
  ...seeAbove,
  options: [
    { title: 'Alabama', value: 'AL' },
    { title: 'Alaska', value: 'AK' },
  ]
}
```

**checkboxes|radios**:
  A multiple choice field using either checkboxes or radios. Use `radios` type for radios and `checkboxes` for multiple checkboxes.

```js
{
  name: 'source',
  label: 'How did you hear from us?',
  type: 'radios',
  options: [
    'A friend',
    'Internet',
    'Ad'
  ]
}
```

**checkbox**

  A single checkbox field

```js
{
  type: 'checkbox',
  name: 'agree',
  label: 'Do you agree with everything we will ever say?'
}
```

**hidden**

  A hidden field

```js
{
  type: 'hidden',
  name: 'lang_code',
  value: 'en'
}
```

In absence of the `value` setting, the module will use a hidden field's `label` setting for the `value` attribute.